= Introduction =

Release Notes


= Details =

*Release 3.1*

  * Grammar class is loaded from configuration flexibly. Now, developers can implement custom Grammar class and can specify this in configuration. ExpressionOasis will pick this at runtime. 
  * Made config.xml path configurable from System Property (Contribution by Girish Kumar)
  * Made grammar.xml path configurable by exporting it to config.xml
  * Improved code for ExpressionFactory to improve the performance
  * Defined new way to add function definition using new API in Grammar interface 
  * Exposed Grammar through ExpressionEngine Class, so that user can get the metadata if required and also can add specific metadata like custom function identification etc
  * Added three new String operation expressions > startsWith, endsWith, contains (Contribution by Girish Kumar) 
  * Improved documentation

----

*Release 3.0.1*

  * A micro-release with few but important bugs fixes. The new 3.0.1 version should be used to have bug free solution. 
  * Fixed issues are: GoogleCode: #1, #4

----

*Release 3.0*

  * License changed from GPL to LGPLv3, so that more people can be benefited by using this free software
  * Major change in root packages name. Package name is changed from org.ganges.expressionengine to org.vedantatree.expressionoasis
  * Introduced Maven build system, earlier it was based on Ant (Contributions by Kris Marwood)
  * Dynamic function support. Now custom functions can be defined in xml file, i.e. customfunctions.xml. System will pick these functions at runtime and make these available (Contributions by Kris Marwood)
  * Merged configurations in single config.xml file
  * In memory cache for Compiled Expressions - In memory cache may be useful for performance reasons. It can be turned on/off from config by setting value of 'cacheCompiledExpressions' element
  * Issue #2, #3 are fixed listed at Google Code
  * Many New test cases have been added

----

*Release 2.3*

  * Support for ternary operator
  * Support for XML expressions, using Xalan XPath
  * XML Expressions will return only String type value. 
  * We can change it to other specific types also, like Number, String etc in future depending upon data or we may provide some type casting function
  * Added more test cases 

More at http://www.vedantatree.com/

----

*Release 2.2*

  * Support for more math functions
  * Support for Bitwise operators
  * Change precedence of operators - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Order_of_operations
- Change '=' operator with '=='

----

*Release 2.1*

  * Documentation Update
  * Support for unary operators. Now expressions with unary operators are supported. For example, (!false), (!false && true), (-3 + 2/-4) etc
  * Please refer to http://expressionoasis.vedantatree.com/ and http://www.vedantatree.com/ for further details